Saudi you had that debt when he and you
mentioned a business like what were you
doing with that is what I post stuff did
you sell a well I started by telling I
made my own sourdough starter which is
really exciting when you make your own
sourdough starter and it's bubbling away
and it works it actually makes bread so
I tried it and I told sourdough starters
and then people from around the world
began sending me their starters so I
have I still have a collection of about
11 or 12 starters from around the world
and I began writing them and selling
also started selling baking equipment
but the thing that I enjoyed the most
was teaching people would ask me the
same questions over and over I finally
decided you know I need to write those
questions down and I need to answer that
and I need to put that well that ended
up turning into after five years it was
so big that it was for mullions 400
pages so instead of when people ask me
the same questions I would say well read
it and retail side of the business
became too difficult for me when my
personal relationship deteriorated and
so I stopped doing the retail but I
tried to continue supporting
on my website and on my blog that went
away for a while as well it's packed
full course no ok so how long ago did
you start your YouTube channel I would
have to to look to see for sure I'm
guessing it would be in around 10 years
ago okay okay so you've had your YouTube
channel on for a while and you mentioned
you had your website did you set up
eleven years ago or so when you are
starting to do this and you got your
book that's out there that you have on
Amazon and so you came to get me started
taking these classes taught how to
optimize your YouTube shadow and then
you eventually got this idea that I
could make a course on youtube so you
did it you did you became an instructor
and you to be greeted the course so what
are some of the things that you
encountered it will you in creating this
course you know when you first released
this may be presented a challenge to you
well I'm living in a shop right now and
I didn't think that I could even do it
because the background I don't have a
real kitchen floor as pain free and I
felt intimidated by my surroundings make
a video of these visions beautiful
kitchens like you see on TV where people
are doing there and I didn't have that I
still go and see what I can do that and
then I thought well I mean if people
don't like it they want
well and I will try to focus mostly on
my hands and so I went ahead and did
some videos and I didn't have a really
great camera which was ok but it wasn't
optimal and I didn't understand about
audio setup I think most of us
inspectors have and I had a use the
camera my and it was terrible like most
of them are and so it wasn't learning
her I had to learn how to use software
for cleaning up my audio and lots of
things you know how to be president
so so I think there were plenty of
challenges but it was a lot of fun
really ok good and so obviously you over
Team those challenges because you are
actually courses so how about telling
people some of the things that you've
done that have worked well what has led
to your success here with sales of your
courses
well absolutely no way I ever imagined
this much money I went from no idea that
I would make that much of my biggest
over 5,000 and I average about this
point and i learn proper description and
my my youtube channel about and i would
tell people join my group perfect
sourdough and my Facebook group exploded
it's got everything people in and
directs them to other channels and other
channels you and that's what I did I i
put links and coupon giveaway in my
Facebook group
contest I tried to make my group really
exciting and it's growing at the rate
I would guess maybe a hundred people
every two people every day I tried to
optimize my website which had fallen by
the way I'm still working on a work in
progress I redid my blog and I updated
it and I've been posting quite a bit
more I will make my new post those on my
blog and then repost groups and so
everything that I did try I tried to
work together I also made some help make
your starter and and I to all my other
stuff and so it's kind of like a picture
where everybody goes everywhere to get
everything and I'm trying to make fun
very good but i mean obviously you're
very busy you you're working hard
there's so many avenues that you're
pursuing show you how to create your to
become a magnet like you say you're
putting a lot of effort into it so how
how do you continue to keep putting that
much energy and effort into these
classes what's right because it's just
like little bits and pieces of
everything that I can think of anything
new that I learned about I I try to add
that on I continued to take courses I'm
YouTube but what drives me is it's my
goal in my dreams you get into you and i
wanna beautiful kitchen new courses so
well besides basic back needing to
support myself and my children my dream
and I enjoy it as well I enjoy enjoy
enjoy teaching people I think I love the
mostest student who's never for all
their first love and they they started
the first time I got a real sourdough
loaf and they're just like oh my gosh
what would have created my paper heart
rate